everyone in this video I want to show
you how to pair the Garmin speed and
cadence sensors with the Phoenix two in
this video we're using the newer
versions of the speed and cadence
sensors that look like this here is the
cadence sensor and here is the speed
sensor over on the left before you begin
you want to make sure that your firmware
is up-to-date on your Phoenix 2 and you
want both the speed and cadence sensors
installed on your bicycle keep in mind
though you don't have to use both you
can use one or the other speed or
cadence well we'll start by holding down
our menu button for a second we need to
get into our settings so there we go and
now in this list we'll scroll down and
we will select sensors now we want to
scroll down here until we get to bike
cadence and then we have bike speed so
like I said you can pair one or the
other and you can even buy them
separately or together if you choose you
might notice that I scrolled right past
bike speed and cadence combined and
that's because that's for the older
version of the cadence sensor the GSC 10
if you have the newer version like I
have here you're going to want to pair
them individually one at a time let's go
ahead and start by pairing the cadence
sensor so we can select this from our
menu here we have our status screen
right now showing it as off when we
select that we have three options on
that's if you are reconnecting to a
cadence sensor that's already been
paired before off and down at the bottom
is what we need new search because we're
pairing this one for the first time so
we'll go ahead and select new search
like I said before you want to make sure
whatever sensor you're pairing is
already installed on your bike because
once it starts searching you are going
to want to ride your bike for a few
seconds with these sensors installed
won't take very long maybe about 5 to 10
seconds and then the Phoenix 2 will find
it and pair with it so now we can repeat
the same thing again and do that with
the speed sensor so we can go back in
our menu scroll down select bike speed
and again we have status off scroll down
here new search and then just pedal the
bike for a few seconds and once the
Phoenix 2 has located the speed sensor
it'll display a message on the screen so
that is a quick look at how to pair the
Garmin speed
and Cayden sensors with the Phoenix to